Translated by: Ahab
Resync: Akun_Share
This is Tao Chu, in his late 40s.
Night club owner, trader and realtor.
All his businesses are losing money.
How are things up there?
This is Song Ming, his bodyguard.
These are all his hit men.
Be careful.
See you up there.
Wait for me up there.
This is Danny Chu, his nephew.
Always has an army
hanging around him.
This is You-Han Ko, Chu's brain.
This is Salina Fong.
Only been hanging around
Chu recently.
Does she know everything
about Chu yet?
Well, it's difficult to tell.
Our objective is
to take all of them in.
Our code is Operation Boar Hunt.
- Understand?
- Yes.
Read what's inside your envelope.
Each one has his own instructions.
Remember it by heart
and destroy the written orders.
Each man does his own job.
Come on.
Attention,
this is T.O.C. headquarters.
Operation begins at once.
I'll get you some tea.
- Two cups of tea, please.
- Okay.
I'll be back later.
There is a guy who looks suspicious.
Two cups of tea, please.
Signal them below.
I'm going down.
- Dai-Hao Gahn.
- One for me?
- We've been discovered.
- What?
Follow the one in the red shirt.
- What's up?
- This is Salina.
There's a suspicious guy down here.
- What's up with you?
- Police!
Police! Help!
Police?
Freeze, C.I.D.
- What's up? I heard shooting.
- They opened fire.
- What should we do?
- Let's scatter the crowd first.
Police!
Please evacuate immediately!
Special Force, what happened?
Over!
Police!
Please evacuate immediately!
Move!
Over there.
Close in, mind those residents.
Get the kids inside.
Hurry, run, kid.
Hurry, run.
This way.
Go help them.
We have orders to stay.
You must improvise
in this situation. Go.
- Let me go.
- Pulling just hurts.
Let me go.
I've got this covered.
You can leave.
Quick, protect the boss.
Go on.
There's a female suspect up there,
take her back.
It's me.
- What happened?
- Don't ask.
Calm down.
- Help me.
- Tom, cover me.
Tom, what are you doing?
Be cool.
Help me.
Take care of him there.
They've got a lot of fire power!
Watch out for the villagers.
That's our order.
Have they told that
to the crooks, too?
Some cop you are!
Hurry, come here!
Watch out, Ka-Kui.
Boss, over there.
Get in.
Out of my Way!
Drive away!
Get back, get back!
Get back!
- What happened?
- It's blocked up there! Move back!
- Move back!
You can't go this way!
It's blocked down there! Go up!
We're stuck, boss!
Now what?
- We fight our way down!
- Let's go!
Boss, hurry!
Hurry!
Let's go this way.
Freeze!
Watch out for the pedestrians!
Where have you been?
This is your station!
I went up to help.
Who gave you the orders?
They're gone now.
What do you mean by that?
Drive now!
Let me borrow it.
Tell them to get down. Out of the way.
Don't let them see my face.
Tell the driver to step on it.
Get down!
Turn here, turn!
Go at it!
- Really?
- Go at it!
Easy, boss, we'll make it.
Look!
Go up there and take care of him.
Tell the driver to step on it.
Hit him.
Hurry down!
Turn quickly down the hill!
Are you nuts?
Right in the middle of the road.
Move over. I'm a cop.
He is right in front of us.
Run him over.
Okay.
Step on it, run him over.
Don't be scared.
Don't move.
You're under arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
Let me go, and this is yours.
Once-in-a-lifetime chance!
No one will know.
Smart guy.
Don't move.
Good show, isn't it?
Be modest
when he praises you later.
Don't let it get to you.
You better tell Ka-Kui.
I didn't do it by myself.
I acted according to the orders.
That's fine.
Don't forget this line later
when he comes.
He must be happy to hear that.
Operation Boar Hunt
is a carefully planned job.
Didn't you cover every angle?
The prime suspect almost got away.
Didn't Chou give you clear orders?
Yes, he said we were
under good leadership.
What?
The job was carefully planned.
But our execution had a few flaws.
Why were there flaws?
Must have been
before we got to the store.
Ka-Kui couldn't handle the secretary,
and she created a mess.
Chu almost escaped
because you weren't in the position.
What do you mean by that?
It's no time to point your fingers.
- What is it?
- The P.R. girl is here.
Send her in.
The press is here, Sir.
What press?
Tell them, "No comment."
Look, I asked them to come here.
- Tell them to wait.
- Yes, Sir.
- Ka-Kui, you'll be our speaker.
- Me? No, no.
The speech has been written.
Just read it.
Learn your lines and don't fluff them.
You can go now.
Yes, Sir.
The Commissioner's pleased
that Ka-Kui captured Chu alone.
A promising young man.
After the press meeting,
get him on the recruitment poster.
Get him on TV shows or radio.
An example of the force.
The Commissioner sees him
as a model policeman.
He can handle that easily.
What are the charges
on Chu's secretary?
Drug-trafficking, resisting arrest.
- Drop all the charges.
- Drop all the charges?
You played a big part,
Detective Chan.
Our superiors' leadership
accounts for the success.
Good job.
Will you be promoted?
We don't fight crime for promotion.
Our superiors
take care of promotion matters.
Chu tried to bribe you
with millions, right?
With that money,
he could buy the whole force.
Just kidding.
Don't put it down.
Please sit closer.
What are you doing?
- Just saying hi.
- Move over.
It's our turn.
- Go ahead with it, understand?
- Yes.
Let's start.
Straighten up.
Open your eyes.
Open your mouth.
Wider! Wider!
Forget it, just be yourself.
Be natural.
Ready.
The handcuffs have to be
in the middle of the picture.
And be happy-
- Your way wouldn't work.
- Why not?
She's Chu's secretary.
She won't cooperate.
Chu has been
under arrest already.
If Chu knows she'll be our witness,
what would he do?
He would stop her
appearing in court.
Our man who covers her
would be in danger.
Don't be a cop
if you want to live to 100.
You want this line
on the recruitment poster?
We don't have enough
to prosecute Chu.
We must push him into a corner.
Let him make a mistake.
I suggest a man
to protect our lady witness.
I have someone in mind already.
Are we thinking of the same man?
Good luck to him.
Why would they release you
but not the others?
Lucky you.
- They are to see the Superintendent.
- Please wait for a moment.
- Okay.
You can go
after seeing the Superintendent.
- You can go in now.
- Thanks.
Please have a sit.
You can go now, Miss Fong.
Wait, there's a subpoena on you
to appear in court.
- What is the charge?
- There are no charges.
You'll be our witness.
Sorry, my client
isn't prepared to do so.
We are not asking her permission.
She is required by law to do it.
- Officer Chan.
- Yes, Sir.
You're to protect Miss Fong
from now on, 24 hours a day
until she appears in court.
Me? Protecting her?
- You don't like it.
- Yes, I do.
- I don't need his protection.
- You can't refuse.
- Officer Chan.
- Yes, Sir.
I'm sure you know what's involved.
Someone may try to harm her.
She will be a target.
Threats, assaults...
it could be outside or at home.
You must protect her day and night.
But not at the expense
of bothering her
or violating her civil rights.
- Understand?
- Yes, but can someone else go?
You'll get a bonus for the duty.
$32.80 per day.
It's an old tradition,
unchanged for years.
Bring your own money.
That's all.
Can we talk to you alone?
I refuse to have my client
interrogated alone.
This is not an interrogation.
Just a few tips for her benefit.
You can refuse them.
Let's hear what they have to say.
Mr. Cheung, if you please.
Remember, any questions
concerning this case
or anything else, don't answer.
- Why are you still here?
- I have to go out too?
You've got high rank?
You said you had things to say to me.
Nothing else now.
You can go.
See you in court.
They're...
Ka-Kui.
- Tape it if possible.
- Okay.
- What did they say to you?
- They didn't say anything.
I'm your lawyer.
You can trust me.
They didn't say anything, really.
- Why just her alone?
- Here they are.
How about the boss?
Can't bail him and the others out.
What about Salina?
- She's their witness now.
- Testifying for them?
They forced me.
You couldn't say no?
Stop disturbing her.
- Who are you?
- I'm a cop.
She is given police protection.
Any more crap from you,
I will arrest you.
Salina.
You can say "so long" or "good-bye".
One more word,
and you'll be under arrest.
- I'll take you home.
- It's my responsibility.
I won't say anything.
- What now, Mr. Cheung?
- I'll see your boss later.
Okay, let's go.
It's dangerous to roam around.
Go home.
It's none of your business.
It's for your safety.
I don't need you, parasite!
You know what happened
to four of our witnesses
who said the same thing?
What? They got shot?
Don't scare me.
Tell me what happened to them.
Your guess is right.
They're all fine.
You have the right to say so.
Jerk!
All evidence is against your men.
It's a tough case.
Maybe I can get you off.
I'm depending on you.
I'll do my best to get you off,
but the chances are slim.
If I'm discharged,
you'll be rewarded.
There is a problem.
Salina is testifying for them.
Testifying for them?
She's out on bail. The cop
that nailed you is guarding her now.
Salina doesn't know much.
She's new.
That doesn't concern me.
She might surprise us.
Could be. Call Danny.
Tell him to take care of her.
All right.
- Here.
- Keep the change.
Thank you.
It's dangerous to be alone.
I'd like to see
how dangerous it can be.
- Hello? I'm home now.
- Someone's listening.
Let's meet and talk later.
Try another.
You can't scare me easily.
Help me!
I'm going to shut you up!
I'm going to carve you up right now!
I'm going to kill you!
You're finished!
I'm going to...
...shut you UP!
There's no way out!
Stop running!
No escape now!
There's no way out!
You're finished!
Let me chop you up!
Rm gonna get you!
Here.
I'm here to rescue you.
She's terrified.
Can I quit now?
Yes, you can go anytime.
Hold on to him.
I'll call the police.
Cut the telephone line.
I knocked him out!
Not yet. He's still fighting back.
Don't come near.
Go, you can't be here.
Don't faint. Go.
He passed out.
No, he's not totally out.
Go, don't faint.
Go, go, you can't stay.
Stop acting, go, hurry.
Let me help!
He fainted.
Yes, for real.
He is faking it.
Don't smash his face.
It's for identification.
No, it shouldn't be like this.
I don't know him.
Of course,
they'd hire stranger to kill you.
Chu wants me dead?
Sure, he's capable of anything.
Inspector Chou, this is Ka-Kui.
It's such a tough case.
Please send a replacement.
No? I won't risk my life,
it's just a job.
I might as well be a mercenary.
Well, let her take care of herself.
I'll quit, then, never mind.
- Where are you going?
- Home.
What? Home?
You're here to protect me.
But you're so uncooperative.
How can I work it out?
What do you have in mind?
Nothing. I'm quitting.
Where's your sense of duty?
But there's nothing I can do.
We both will die.
I'll cooperate.
Don't force yourself.
I am doing it of my own free will.
It'll be safer at my place.
- Okay. Let's go.
- Like this?
- I'll go change.
- Chu's men will return anytime.
I won't change, then.
What now?
There.
What's going on?
I'll take a good look.
Stay behind.
Come.
Why are you carrying it?
I'm safeguarding your jacket.
- I told you to wear it.
- Yes.
Stay close to me.
Use my car.
- All these cars are yours.
- No, just this one.
Why aren't you nervous?
I'm used to this.
- See, I told you to keep quiet.
- What now?
- You hurt?
- My kid.
Close the door.
It's me, it's me.
Get my gun.
My gun is in the pocket.
Stop running.
Freeze!
- Take it easy. Give me the gun.
- Don't come near.
Let's scram.
Give me the gun.
It's me. Give me the gun.
- Are you all right?
- Where are they?
Don't get trigger-happy.
Let's leave now. They are for real.
For real?
How about at my place?
He was for real,
and these guys are professionals.
That's why you are more nervous.
Get in.
You are human, after all.
- I didn't expect Chu to do this to me.
- Don't be naive.
He is capable of anything.
He will make sure
you won't be in court.
What now?
Speak out in court tomorrow.
Put him in jail, and you'll be safe.
What should I say?
What business he's in,
who his contacts are,
number of drug deals.
- Why are you taping all this?
- Taking notes.
- When did you start working for him?
- Four years ago.
He's a family friend. Mom said
he always lent us milk money.
- Now you help him sell drugs.
- I know very little.
Tell me everything you know.
Anything else you want to add,
tell me later upstairs.
What I've said is enough
to put him in jail?
I'm not the prosecutor.
But what you've said will be useful.
Come in.
I'll turn on the light.
May... I've almost forgotten
it's my birthday.
Are you all right?
Let me introduce May.
This is Miss Fong.
- Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
May!
All gone? What's the hurry?
It's my fault.
She wanted to surprise you.
And you brought home a girl
dressed like this.
- Who wouldn't be angry?
- I can be angry too.
She didn't even let me explain.
Leaving me the whole cake.
This time I won't forgive her,
no matter what.
I don't think she will.
I knew she'd be back.
Happy birthday.
Why so happy?
Why is May in rage?
She saw me bringing a girl home.
I'll explain it to her.
No need.
Tell her to curb her temper.
I even have to explain things
to crooks.
I'm sick and tired of explaining.
Care for a piece of cake?
- Anything to drink?
- Orange juice. Thanks.
Help yourself.
You live by yourself?
A big place!
Don't I worry about the ICAC?
I share it with a friend.
He's on vacation.
Sorry, your girlfriend
must be mad at me.
Never mind.
That's part of the job.
Come on, inside.
- It's okay.
- Wait.
See you later.
Now I am just a cop,
but I might become a movie star.
And would have to kiss
the ladies passionately.
What would she do then?
She's jealous because she loves you.
I'll explain it to her.
What for?
She's such a narrow-minded kid.
It'll only spoil her.
Aren't you going to say
something nice to her?
Not a chance.
If I care to sweet-talk,
I could have hundreds of girls.
She'll have to wait for her turn.
Don't you like her?
Frankly, yes.
But that's no reason
for me to apologize.
The next move is hers.
What a waste of food.
See, she couldn't
even wait to get home.
- Hello?
- Is it your girlfriend?
Yes, she's speechless with tears.
Stop crying.
You should have behaved yourself.
What misunderstanding?
What? If I were with a man,
you would think I am gay.
You are narrow-minded.
Just think about what you did.
- What...?
- Let me explain it to her.
No need.
Unless you promise
to control your temper.
Show me respect
in front of my friends.
Stop crying! Bye!
I must teach her a lesson.
When did she come in?
Since you went into shower.
So she heard everything?
The phone?
That's not fair.
May! May!
Listen to me, May.
She's our witness
under my protection.
I'm mad at what you just said.
You should know I was kidding.
Didn't I call first
every time we had a fight?
But you treat me badly
in front of another girl.
You don't care about me.
- Go away! Go away!
- Listen to me, May.
- Are you hurt?
- It hurts! Go away! Happy now?
Happy?
It hurts me too.
I'll get it for you.
Put on the shoes first.
- Go away!
- Listen to me, May.
No, no!
Control yourself.
Can you just listen to me?
Let go!
I hate you.
Where's your girlfriend?
I accepted her apology.
She went home happily.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
It hurts.
It's breaking. Easy.
What an ugly thing.
Get rid of it.
What? It's precious to me.
- You made me all wet.
- I'll wipe it for you.
Oh, no more.
Not there. Here!
Here?
Easy. You're so rough.
It's so uncomfortable on the sofa.
Let's go to bed.
Okay, let's go.
Where do I sleep?
In my bed.
How about you?
- Next to you.
- I like your style.
I'm going to sleep now.
Don't disturb me.
Women are strange.
- Hello?
- Ka-Kui? Hold on, it's him.
Ka-Kui, they're waiting at the court.
She's gone already.
Maybe there's a traffic jam.
Stop fooling.
Bring the witness, hurry.
What was your duty that day?
I was observing the squatter huts
behind the site.
There were about a dozen suspects
getting away.
I arrested the 6th
and the 7th defendants.
Thank you.
Your Honor,
allow me to question the witness.
Mr. Gahn, you said you saw
a dozen suspects escaping.
Did all 13 suspects pass
in front of you one by one?
Or do you have
a new electronic device
to enable you to see
all the action at once?
I object.
The question played with the witness's
wording to undermine his credibility.
Objection overruled.
Thank you.
No more questions.
Bring in the next witness.
- You took my parking space.
- I'm in a hurry.
Don't be long.
I want that space.
Nice parking job.
What? Gone?
I'll have your butt for it.
- Now what?
- I can't think of anything.
It's hopeless.
Tell me, when you saw
the suspect running,
what made you think
he was my client?
By his clothes and his build.
That means you didn't see
his face clearly.
You can say that.
Are you nearsighted?
No.
Good.
No more questions.
Next witness.
...and nothing but the truth.
I was at the squatter huts on duty.
The 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th defendants
opened fire.
They got on a bus.
And I took a shortcut.
A civilian used his car
to block the bus.
Three defendants fell off the bus.
I arrested the 1st defendant
on the bus.
He tried to bribe me
- ...but I refused.
- Mark this down.
Very clear, thank you.
You said you were
at the squatter huts.
- What time was it?
- It was about six.
- About six?
- 5:55.
So let's say 6:00.
Do you know, in December,
the sun rises after 6:23?
No.
Is that right?
How would I know?
Do you know that saying
"darkness before dawn"?
No.
That means that there is darkness
before the sun rises.
I might have heard of that.
Great, under such circumstances,
should we believe you actually
saw my client as a suspect?
To believe it or not
is your business.
You said you took
the shortcut to stop the bus.
Was the bus always in your sight?
Yes.
Why did you hesitate?
I want to be sure.
That means you are a bit doubtful.
I object.
Objection sustained.
Witness should be sure
of his answer.
How much time did you take
to go down the hill?
And you kept the bus
in sight all the time?
I was rushing down.
My sight was blocked momentarily.
Maybe during this short while,
another bus overtook the original one.
There was only one bus on the road.
- You are lying.
- I object.
Sustained.
Defense should rephrase
his question.
- Are you lying?
- No.
Do you know there are four lines
of bus routes passing there?
Two of the lines have a bus
running every five minutes.
The other two, every six minutes.
That means 88 buses
are passing through per hour.
That means more than one bus
per minute.
I didn't know.
From the time you went down
to stop the bus,
how much time went by?
- About two minutes.
- More precisely.
Two and half minutes.
That means at least two
or three buses would have gone by.
Or even up to seven or eight.
But you said only one.
That's lying.
Haven't you ever waited
for a bus for half an hour?
So, let's say there was only one bus.
And you insisted
you saw the bus all the time.
Can you tell the court which part
of the bus was in your sight?
- The whole bus.
- All of it?
- All of it.
- You are lying.
Now what?
You saw only one side of the bus.
No more than 50%, that's half.
You couldn't see the other half,
right?
Yes.
On the other side,
which you couldn't see,
anything could have happened there.
Yes.
Anyone who jumped off the bus
would be unseen.
Yes.
Louder, please.
I could jump, but not him.
Just answer the questions.
No comments, please.
You think anyone can jump off a bus?
You try it.
Calm down please,
Detective Chan.
Why did he want to bribe me, then?
How did he bribe you?
He said I could have
the case of money if I let him go.
If someone stopped the bus
and pointed a gun at you,
what would you do?
I object.
Objection overruled.
You must answer.
I'd give my money to him.
That's what my client did
under the circumstances.
Right, Detective?
No. I had shown my I.D.
Do you know
how many cases there are
where robbers pretended to be cops?
I object.
Objection sustained.
Please ask relevant questions only.
My apology.
It happened like this...
A business man
was on the way to a deal.
A heroic policeman
pointed a gun at him by mistake.
The business man
thought he was a robber.
So he told the robber
he could have the money.
Is that right?
I object.
You don't have to answer.
But we all know the answer.
No need for Detective Chan
to say it out loud.
I have finished.
Great.
- Now what?
- I know what to do.
- It's unfair to let him free.
- Of course.
We request for postponement
since our prime witness is absent.
I object.
A postponement is unfair to my client.
The prosecution has
little evidence to charge my client.
I ask Your Honor
to dismiss the case.
We have a taped evidence
from our witness.
But tape is not legal evidence.
But the absent witness
plays a key role.
I object.
Since this is an important case,
a postponement is unfair
to the defendant.
I will grant him bail.
But we will hear that tape.
This case is not over yet.
Louder please.
Thank you.
Your Honor, it's an old tape.
Please keep on listening.
It's coming up.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
It hurts.
It's breaking. Easy.
What an ugly thing.
Get rid of it.
- What? It's precious to me.
- It's a cactus.
- You made me all wet.
- I'll wipe it for you.
Oh, no more.
- Not there. Here!
- I spilled the orange juice.
It wasn't what you think.
It's so uncomfortable on the sofa.
Let's go to bed.
- Okay. Let's go.
- Where do I sleep?
- In my bed.
- How about you?
- Next to you.
- I like your style.
They are here.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Not too close, please.
- Get lost.
- Ka-Kui.
- Give me a report of the whole case.
- Yes, Sir.
- Boss...
- He's coming out now.
Get lost! No photos!
Reserve a room at the country club.
- A toast to justice.
- Okay.
- I must go, Mr. Chu.
- Thank you. Good-bye.
Hire him as a prosecutor next time.
It's time
for the Police Stories again.
We have a brave officer
as our guest.
Sitting next to me is Detective Chan
from Special Forces.
- Greetings, Detective Chan.
- Hello, everybody.
After cracking down
the greatest drug case,
you've become a familiar name
to every citizen.
Would you please describe
the operation to us?
The success is due to the teamwork
of the unit.
I'm only one of them.
We did a lot of homework.
What makes Special Forces
so different?
To be in the Special Forces,
one must be strong, swift and fast
and have great will power.
- Boss.
- What is it?
He is on the cover
of at least three different magazines.
He's been nominated
for some award too.
Oh, Thailand is out of stock.
Why? They've all changed jobs?
No, but all the goods
have gone to Uncle Joe.
They want cash from us.
- Boss, Mr. Cheung is here.
- Please, come in.
Mr. Chu, I've received your check.
Thank you.
- How is it?
- I've studied with my colleagues.
Things remained confiscated
during prosecution.
That means I can't
get my stuff back yet.
Including your passport
and your bank accounts.
To them, it's just an intermission.
If you are found guilty, all
of your property will be confiscated.
I won't have money to escape even.
- Boss, a call for you.
- Excuse me.
Hi, Salina.
It's so boring here.
I want to go out.
You can't for the time being.
I want to see you.
Later, you can't show up yet.
The police are still looking for you.
I'm planning your Europe trip.
Once you're there, you'll be fine.
Listen,
wait till everything's
quieted down.
Hello?
Where were we?
We were lucky this time.
If they had more solid evidence
or if the police found Salina,
it would be a different story.
They won't find her.
That's good, then.
I have to go. Bye.
- Bye.
Boss, he is right.
Salina is a problem.
You can't hide her forever.
I agree, Uncle. Seh Zhai Chun says
Detective Chan is asking about Salina.
Can't we send her away?
With a one-way ticket.
Let's make use of the cop to kill her.
There are lots of other
beautiful girls.
We have all those beauty pageants.
- Detective Mao is here to see you.
- Send him in.
Hasn't he been paid?
$100,000, but he said
he wants to retire early
and start a small business.
- What does he want?
- He wants more.
- Detective Mao, please.
- Please, come in.
- Mr. Chu.
- Sit down, please.
Thank you.
I'm here for...
You'd like to retire early
and start a small business.
- I support your idea.
- Thank you.
You are a man of substance.
I'd like you to do
one more thing for me.
What is it?
We want that cop
disappeared forever.
You want glory, I'll give you glory.
I will give you a ticket for it.
- 1985, come to patrol with me.
- Sir.
- Yes, Sir.
- Detective Chan.
Yes, Sir.
If anything happens, call...
- Call you with the radio.
- Call me at home.
- But you'll be on patrol.
- We go by my home first.
Excuse me,
I need to go to the bathroom.
Don't break the John.
Sha Tau Kok Station.
You called, Detective Chan?
Of course. Any information?
Salina?
Give me more time.
It's a tough job.
Tough?
It's tough to get paid too.
I know my job.
I'll do my best.
What? Please hold.
Sha Tau Kok Station...
Please hold.
I'll give you three days.
Three days?
That's not enough.
What, you need more time?
Four days, then.
You'll be in trouble
if I get transferred. Bye.
- Can I help you?
- Ka-Kui, why do you put me on hold?
You want to speak to Detective Chan?
Just a second.
Detective Chan, a call for you.
Thanks.
- Can I help you?
- This is May.
- May.
- Who was it?
Yeah, that guy is rude.
Lau, you should be polite
to civilians.
Sorry.
See. I've scolded him.
What is it. May?
What are you doing?
Me? I'm speaking to you.
Have you eaten yet?
No. I'm cooking some noodles.
No.
Wait a second.
Sha Tau Kok Station...
Please hold.
- May.
- My mom invited you to dinner.
Is that so?
Wait a minute.
- Sha Tau Kok Station.
- My husband beat me up.
What?
What about your husband?
He beat me up.
- You beat him up or he beat you up?
- My husband beat me up.
Don't cry.
I'll give you the right line.
May, I'm free Sunday.
Don't hang up.
I'm still connecting to you.
Sha Tau Kok Station...
Speak up.
I've lost a cow.
Oh! I'll connect you
to Missing Persons.
- It's busy. Sha Tau Kok Station.
- I've been raped.
What? Rape?
Wait, let me write it down.
- When were you raped?
- Rape, no, my husband beat me up.
It's you who got beaten up
by the husband.
- I'm still trying to connect you.
- It takes too long.
It's a big station, be patient.
Hold on.
Who's been raped?
- Me.
- I've lost my cow.
The cow has to wait.
- When were you raped?
- Last year.
Last year?
Why report it now?
I want to know if there are
any afterward pills.
Pills? I'll find out for you.
Hello, Missing Persons Department?
I've lost a cow.
Bring in a photo of the cow.
Hello?
May, I'm very busy.
I pick a place for dinner?
Let me think.
Hello?
Where shall we go?
Go to the Family
Planning Association.
Tell her to take double the portion,
it's free.
- May.
- Tell my mom to take the pills?
What's up? May.
"Tell my mom to take the pills"?
Hello?
But she isn't pregnant.
Sha Tau Kok Station.
This is a test call
from the phone company.
Test call?
Is there a traffic jam?
No, there's no traffic jam.
What happened, then?
If there was a jam,
I wouldn't be here yet.
My mom hates people who are late.
Let me explain, May. I've been
waiting for Seh Zhai Chun to call.
Because of this case,
you've been transferred.
- Why don't you leave this alone?
- I want to be satisfied.
I'll return the call first.
Hold on to the car.
The handbrake is broken.
Hold on to it.
Hello, Seh Zhai Chun?
It's me.
The female witness
you are looking for
is hiding in a villa
in Rosary village.
Rosary village.
Hurry up or Chu will kill her first.
No kidding.
I won't kid you. Hurry.
- May.
- You're not coming to dinner?
Chu's going to kill the witness.
I must go.
No way!
If she's dead, Chu's going to be free.
You know what Chu has done to me.
And it's a matter of life and death.
- What are you doing?
- The car...
- What about the car?
- Taxi!
Call a tow-truck.
And apologize to your mom.
Bye.
Be careful!
- Keep the change.
- Thank you.
What happened?
I don't know why they tied me up.
- Anybody else here?
- They are all gone.
Now you know
what kind of person Chu is.
If you had cooperated with us,
you wouldn't have gone through this.
You're lucky I'm so well-informed.
Or you'd be dead by now.
Hurry up. Let's leave.
Don't move.
Step aside.
How did you know I'd be here?
Of course, I know.
- It couldn't be...
- Surprised?
There are a lot of surprises.
Aren't we supposed
to follow the plan?
Yes, indeed.
But the boss wants to shoot a cop
with Chan's pistol.
Once and for all.
Shoot who?
Let's get out of here.
Hurry UP!
Don't! I can't...
No!
Jump!
Get out of here!
Don't move.
Get Salina.
You are a worthy opponent.
Enough!
Take care of him.
I'll go clean up downstairs.
I guarantee he didn't do that.
We need proof.
And find out why he disappeared
along with his gun.
And the bullet is from his gun.
- How do you explain it?
- A cop has a lot of enemies.
Someone might want to frame him.
If this had happened to a civilian,
what would we have done?
We shouldn't always go by the book.
We must also show trust in his men.
I have nothing against Ka-Kui.
I just want people to know that
we don't cover up our own faults.
You don't understand
what a position I'm in.
But I think you are overdoing it.
What would you do
if you were in my shoes?
Hello, May.
Yes.
I understand.
I'll wait for you.
SHOCKING NEW DEVELOPMENT
KA-KUI CHAN
IS A DANGEROUS SUSPECT
HUNDREDS ARE SEARCHING
FOR THE MISSING DETECTIVE
What now?
Mom is worried about you.
Ka-Kui, be careful.
Ka-Kui's back.
- Ka-Kui's back.
- Right.
- Ka-Kui.
Ka-Kui.
- I didn't do it.
- We know, but where have you been?
- I don't know.
- Don't say you don't know.
Drunk? With a girl?
I was fighting Chu's gang.
Mao came in
and pointed his gun at me.
They took my gun and shot Mao.
And I can't remember the rest.
You don't remember?
Everyone knows you and Mao
weren't good friends.
And your bullet was found in his body.
I didn't kill him.
I wouldn't do it
over such a small conflict.
But who's going to believe you?
We need proof.
But at least you are back.
Hand in your gun first.
Call homicide.
The main suspect
has turned himself in.
Get two men in here.
Don't worry, we'll help you.
- Take him to the cell.
- Yes, Sir.
Charge him with first-degree murder.
Sir...
- Freeze!
- What are you doing, Ka-Kui?
I didn't kill anybody!
Why charge me with murder?
I didn't say you killed him.
But I must charge you
according to the evidence.
I've been framed.
Can't you tell?
I'll look into it.
Don't give me that!
Ka-Kui, let him go!
No!
Ka-Kui, this is dangerous.
It's dangerous for him.
When we were risking our lives,
he was sitting here
thinking of his girlfriends.
We put the crooks under arrest,
he argued about procedure.
And that stupid idea
of protecting the witness.
Any command coming out from
his mouth, we have to risk our lives.
- Ka-Kui!
- Shut up.
You got promoted at our expense.
Have you ever thought of us?
When one of us was killed
in the line of duty,
it meant to pay our respects at
the funeral and a full report to you.
We are human too.
If we hadn't fought for you,
would you have
such a luxurious office?
- Ka-Kui!
- Get away!
Don't come near,
or I'll shoot him!
Ka-Kui, don't!
Open up!
- Listen to me!
- Don't come near!
Please don't.
Don't come near.
I know what I'm doing.
- What a mess!
- What's the matter?
Ka-Kui has the chief for a hostage.
- Everyone stays where he is.
- Don't move.
- Don't come near.
- Think carefully, Ka-Kui.
Don't come near.
- Ka-Kui! Don't!
- Let's talk about it.
Right!
Let's talk about it.
Hands on the table so I can see!
On the table!
This is very stupid.
Calm down before it's too late.
We'll clear you, trust us.
I trust you,
but I can't depend on you.
- But you'll be in deeper trouble.
- Don't push me!
Freeze!
- Ka-Kui!
- Don't push him!
Don't push him.
Alert all units,
send in sharpshooters.
Easy, everybody.
Ka-Kui!
Get in the car.
Ka-Kui.
Drive off.
Don't follow.
The superintendent's life is at stake.
Where to?
Stop.
Get off.
I couldn't shoot
even if you didn't cooperate.
I'm not sure how to help you.
Now you'll have a start.
They will wait until I am back.
I intend to get Chu
before your men get to me.
From now on, be very careful.
Thank you, Sir.
But it's tough to find
where Salina is.
Let's just get a couple of girls.
He forced me to do it.
I have nothing to do with it.
Eat this.
I will eat it, then.
I'm hungry.
Boss, that cop is on the loose.
Didn't the police take him in?
He kidnapped the superintendent.
Great guy. We should have killed
him too. Once and for all.
Where is Salina?
Song Ming and Seh Zhai Chun
are on her heels.
But no news yet.
Would Salina be with the cop?
What is it, Boss?
Someone stole my data.
- Who?
Must be Salina.
Only she knows the code.
Go get her.
Alert all men.
- Call Mr. Cheung.
- Yes.
- How much longer?
- He'll show up soon.
No, I'm scared.
- You stand guard over there.
- Yes.
Over there.
Call Uncle Bill right now.
Get the briefcase,
or we're all in trouble.
- Hurry!
Over there, go!
Ka-Kui!
Why didn't you go to the police?
They may have been Mao's cronies.
You are my witness.
I'm counting on you.
I've got evidence on Chu.
Right here!
Take her back to the office!
Hurry!
What is going on?
Let's go.
Get him.
Move away.
- Let's go.
- No.
I must kill him.
I must kill him now.
Catch!
It's there, get it back!
May!
Are you hurt, Ka-Kui?
Get the briefcase!
Go to hell!
Tao Chu!
Hurry!
Let's go.
Easy, Ka-Kui!
- Put down the weapon.
- We'll take over.
- Ka-Kui.
- This is between us.
The law will take care of it.
The law?
There is no justice.
- The law is on his side.
- Don't do anything foolish.
I could kill him now with no regrets.
Chu's nephew killed Mao.
All evidence is in the briefcase.
- Are you all right?
- May is hurt. Take care of her first.
Block all exits, take them all in!
You cops are going too far.
Assaulting innocent citizens
in public.
You are not above the law.
On behalf of my client,
I'm going to sue you
for threat, false arrest and assault
with intention to harm.
This is miscarriage of justice,
disturbance of peace.
- You can all see.
- Let go, Ka-Kui.
- Don't fall into his trap.
- Get ready for jail.
Threatening the lawyer!
Thanks for coming.
You...
You must help me with the report.
What are you talking about?
Let's write it together.
I didn't see anything.
Ka-Kui, that's enough.
Let's go.